added release note for hyphenation patterns for czech & slovak (#35464)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/130/index.md

### CSS

> - The [`hyphens`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hyphens) property now has hyphenation patterns for Czech & Slovak, this means that hyphens are language specific for Czech & Slovak languages and will not split syllables ([Firefox bug 1908931](https://bugzil.la/1908931)).

Reviewer: How about this? The hyphenations patterns isn't mentioned in our docs anywhere so it feels like a "red herring" to mention it.

```suggestion
- The [`hyphens`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hyphens) CSS property is now properly supported for Czech and Slovak languages.
  Among other things, this ensures that words will will no longer split on syllables ([Firefox bug 1908931](https://bugzil.la/1908931)).
```
